Add warning to email doc to use full provider name (#636)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/plugins/email.md

After installing your provider you will need to add some settings in `./config/plugins.js`. If this file doesn't exists, you'll need to create it. Check the README of each provider to know what configuration settings the provider needs.

> :::tip

Reviewer: :::note

> When using community providers, you need to pass the full package name to the `provider` key, only Strapi maintained providers can use the short-code eg: `provider: 'strapi-provider-email-mandrill'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using community providers, pass the full package name to the `provider` key (e.g. `provider: 'strapi-provider-email-mandrill'`). Only Strapi-maintained providers can use the shortcode format (e.g. `provider: 'sendmail'`).
```

(to comply to [our style guide](https://handbook.strapi.io/user-success-manual/12-rules-of-technical-writing))
